everyone makes mistakes in their lives
and I would say probably everybody makes
unforgivable mistakes if we're going to
take ourselves apart about that
permanently then we're all ruined well
you you made the best decision you could
with the information that you had at the
time kind of sounds like a cop out in a
way but it's actually not a cop out at
all you make the best decision that you
can with the information that you have
at the time and then I would always look
at the guys and say what was their
intent behind this decision that they
made like why did they do that you want
to learn but you don't want to dwell if
you dwell on the past if you dwell on
the mistakes you made like you said
everybody is just doomed